feat: support commas in PipelineRun annotations (#1825)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/guide/authoringprs.md

Multiple target branch can be specified separated by comma, i.e:

```yaml
pipelinesascode.tekton.dev/on-target-branch: [main, release-nightly]
```

If you want to match a branch that has a comma in its name you can html escape

> it with the `&#44;` entity, for example if you want to match main and the branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to match a branch that has a comma (,) in its name you can html escape entity
`&#44;` as comma, for example if you want to match main and the branch
```

is it good?

Reviewer: @chmouel other than this /LGTM.
